Wifi ready doc changes (#15765)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/sta/README.rst

    [00:00:07.720,245] <inf> sta: RSSI: -57
    [00:00:07.720,245] <inf> sta: Static IP address:

> #. To test the `rpu recovery test` using station sample, you must enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_UTIL` Kconfig options.

Reviewer: This is redundant, used in line198, so can remove from here.

RPU recovery
************

> RPU recovery mechanism is to recover from RPU (nRF70) hang.
> This feature performs an interface reset (down and up) which triggers a RPU coldboot.
> Application's network connection will be lost during the recovery process and it is application's responsibility to re-establish the network connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RPU recovery mechanism is used to recover from the RPU (nRF70) hang.
This feature performs an interface reset (down and up), which triggers a RPU cold boot.
Application's network connection will be lost during the recovery process, and it is application's responsibility to reestablish the network connection.
```
